The Joe Rogan experience. Like I want these guys to get the bag and like,
there's something about like calling somebody out,
which you immediately respect them a little bit more like willing to put
yourself out there for a fight. He called out Conor McGregor too.
That's what Jake's doing. That kid is a master troll dude.
He's a master creating hype. Like dude, if I'm Dana white,
I'm praying that this guy can.
Actually, uh, Jake, Paul, Amanda Nunez boxing match.
Dana said, uh, Dana said, um, maybe I'll let Amanda news knock them.
Um, that's just not good for him.
I hope they don't do that. That's just not good for everybody.
But the question is could can't sleep on that kid? That kid can crack.
Yeah. When you look at how he knocked Nate Robinson out that short hand,
that he threw was very skillful, real punch. That was a real punch.
It was perfectly placed and he can hit hard.
Three punches were the same thing. They're a step back overhand, right?
You that's, that's not like got lucky that's Hey, this guy doesn't always do it.
So he's going to charge at you just step back and lay right-hand on him. I mean,
he knew exactly what it was skillful.
Then that was in the middle of a wild brawl where Nate Robinson was trying to
take his head off and it was kind of unorthodox, right? So it's it's dangerous.
Cause Nate is super strong. He's a crazy athlete, unreal athlete,
winging punches at him. And so he's got to figure his way through this,
this maze of bombs headed his way and he clips him. Hmm,
no, here it is. Like, if you look at him, look, look at him, move. Well,
he moves away. Yeah. This is at the beginning. Ties up. Well, boom.
But he's, he's good. Just at tying up and using defense and Nate was dangerous,
man. You saw him trying to throw the right right there.
Yeah. Yeah.
He's a skillful boxer, man. He really is like legitimately.
I mean, he's not world class right now,
but he is 23 years old. Yeah.
Ma'am that's one that folded them, but that's not the one that folded them.
Ultimately he got up off of that one and he get killed by the next one. Yeah.
They should have stopped the right there. Well,
he was complained to the referee. They got hit on the head, which is hilarious.
That was so ridiculous. Yeah. Yeah.
I think they think he realized at this point in time that this is not,
it's not just athleticism involved here game in boxing that you
have to, you have to understand what a fight is. It's it's, you're,
you're a war with yourself. As much as you're at war with another person,
you have to keep, keep back it up. Jamie, let's see that punch.
So let this play out. So if you watch how he knocks his dude out,
like even the way he was moving, his body came over. I don't think that's it.
No, that's a second one. That's yeah. That's just a knockdown.
Yeah, here it is here.
That's the one. I mean, when you see a guy face plant like that and bounce.
Yeah. That's a wrap. Yeah. To play it back. Just, just let it play.
But if you watch how he did it, look at this. That's a short punch man.
Yup. He didn't wind that up. He stepped back and put in place.
He's got skill and he's only 23.
If he decides to dedicate himself to actually being a boxer and spends all of
his time boxing and then talking and doing podcasts. Yeah. He never know, man.
Yeah. He, he might go a long way. He obviously can perform under pressure.
He obviously has legitimate power. He's got legitimate skill. Yeah.
Why not do it?
If you're Conor 50 million to beat up the guy that talks some about your wife.
First of all, I was wild. What he said about his wife.
I didn't see what he said about as well. He said he didn't see this video. No.
Oh my God, bro.
I don't need to see that. And we didn't need to broadcast that. Okay.
Fine. Everybody's seen it by the way. He just called his yeah.
He just called his wife a four. Wow. Yeah.
And it's he only follows one girl on Instagram Connor's wife. Oh my God.
He knows how to play the trolling game. So it's like, it's a,
he's a wild boy. But he understands what he's doing just the other day.
Connor does that, I mean, talk about talking about people's wives.
Connor did that to Josie Aldo talked.
To me. Yeah. But like it was,
it was just wild man. And then recently, yeah.
I mean like the guy knows what he's doing. He was in LA and I think,
I think it was at Brendan Schaub show like this Dylan Dannis, you know,
he was like doing the food truck thing and he,
I guess he had some beef with Jake, Paul, Jake wants to fight him.
So he pulls up on the back of a pickup truck with water balloons and wet toilet
paper and starts chucking it at him while he's doing the interview. This is it.
The guy knows how to be there while somebody is talking,
how did he know he was going to talk it? His brother did it.
They sped away and told them where it was or something. But Dylan,
Dan has ran up to him and he sped away. Why didn't he get out and fight him?
Yeah. That's what a lot of people are saying that it's kind of soft.
Like he came at you.
Dylan, Dan has gets a hold of you, arms broken.
You're getting your neck strangled off as a bad cop, like a zit.
He's gonna rip your knees apart. He's not a chance in the world. Yeah.
Oh D Dylan, Dennis is a world class grappler.
Top of the food chain. Yeah. He's like, I mean he he's the guy who, who,
I'm pretty sure he went to a draw with Gordon Ryan who is the
elite.
I see him in the Navy.
Beat him by decision by white one point or something like that.
T of what's going on in this is this, that 50 million.
He just posted this proof of funds. Got you curious. Huh? Notorious man.
So he's showing the fight who said take the fight.
Paul says to Connor, take the fight in a DM.
And then he showed that Connor saw the DM, uh,
this kid like, okay. So there's different ways to like build hype,
obviously like you can build hype by just creating, you know, uh, great content.
You can build hype by creating drama and you can build hype by creating like a
villain S attitude. Right? And this guy has no problem being the villain. He,
if he likes to talk about Dylan, Dennis, I think.
It would be hilarious if they had, uh, an MMA.
Well, I don't think he wants to do MMA one,
but he's trying to get Dylan to do the boxing one.
Well, that's why he ran away from Dylan because it is my boxing gloves.
Dylan grabs, you done. This is a whole different.
But could he beat him in a bar? I don't know enough about Dylan,
but could he beat him in a boxing match.
Be able to, but if you're not his world, I mean, he's got balls.
Oh God.
[Inaudible].
You spoil. You can't really fight dumb.
You're going to end up with your whipped for real, somewhere talking like that.
So that you don't want to see this fight, dude.
It feels like the nineties rap beef. It's West coast, East coast.
Like they're really doing areas, but tell me,
you don't want to see natives can fight. I do.
These guys are trying to make money, let them make some money. I'm just like.
How you make money more? What is this?
You said you saw what happened to the other lane.
So the kid knows what he's doing.
He knows how to build hype and he doesn't mind. I guess, being here.
No, he doesn't mind. Which is a value add value. That's a fun look.
And he's very respectful. After the fights over luck with Nick Robinson,
he's very respectful. He was.
He is playing the character. I mean, we've seen, you know,
Connor duty seeing Floyd do it.
We've seen guys like really lean into it to hype the fight.
Who knows what happens after the fight.
But you got to still keep on playing the character and you can't deny that the
that understand how to troll or garner interest are the guys who are gonna make
the most money a hundred percent. Like you see the guy I keep on telling Izzy.
I'm like, bro. I mean, Darren, Till's got to get some wins,
but like a fight between you and Darren,
the lead up on social media is going to be the most fun, nonstop,
back and forth. They're making movies.
I switched up to light heavyweight, you know, he's fighting Jamba Jehovah. Sure,
sure, sure. But like it's, he's fighting right for the title. Right.
Right, right. But still the idea of having those two guys who really understand.
Cause remember when I said he was going to fight y'all and I was like,
stop fighting guys. That don't speak English. We can't do anymore.
It could be a fun fight, but like what's happened was not.
But like I want the hype. I want you to make as much money as possible.
You know what I mean? I want people the casual fan to be interested.
How do you get the casual.
Catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify,
watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the Jerry on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.